peninsula-manual/standard-manual.mdx, before:

---
title: "Standard Manual"
description: "Reusable Peninsula operating manual (core sections)."
---

# Peninsula User Manual

Document type: Product and Operating Manual (Standard + Client Profile)  
Version: v1.0  
Date: February 10, 2026  
Prepared for: Peninsula operators, client leadership, implementation teams  

---

## How to Use This Manual

This manual is designed in two layers so it can be reused for multiple clients:

1. Standard Peninsula Manual (Sections 1-16)  
This is the reusable baseline for any client implementation.

2. Client Implementation Profile - EBLG (Sections 17-25)  
This is the client-specific configuration for Employee Benefits Law Group (EBLG).

This is not a UI feature guide. It is an architecture, policy, and operating specification intended to support governance, engineering implementation, and future diligence review.

---

## 1. Executive Summary

Peninsula is a governed knowledge layer for legal and advisory workflows.  
It is not a replacement for core practice-management systems.

Peninsula delivers value by combining:

- Controlled data ingestion from approved sources
- A structured taxonomy and knowledge-card model
- Indexing and retrieval systems built for citation-backed outputs
- Agent workflows and LLM reasoning with human review controls

This manual focuses on how to operate Peninsula safely, efficiently, and with measurable quality.

---

## 2. Strategic Principles

These principles are implementation requirements, not optional guidance.

### 2.1 Openness Over Black Box

Every implementation must support:

- Documented integration paths
- Practical export capability (CSV/JSON and source-linked records)
- Clear extensibility for future tools and models
- A realistic exit and portability path

### 2.2 Non-Negotiables Before Features

Decisions are grounded in:

- Integration readiness
- Migration and export realism
- Security and privacy boundaries
- Reporting and auditability
- Operational maintainability

### 2.3 Knowledge Layer, Not Platform Replacement

Peninsula should sit on top of stable systems-of-record where possible.  
Custom work is focused on high-leverage knowledge workflows, not rebuilding CRM/billing/accounting cores.

### 2.4 Private AI Pattern with Grounded Retrieval

Core pattern:

- Private tenant or firm boundary
- Retrieval over approved internal and authoritative sources
- Source citations in generated outputs
- Mandatory human review gates for client-facing use

### 2.5 Phased Capability Rollout

Base platform is enabled first.  
Custom modules and advanced automation are phased and validated based on measurable outcomes.

---

## 3. Platform Scope and Boundaries

### 3.1 What Peninsula Does

- Ingests approved data from source systems
- Builds searchable and filterable knowledge structures
- Supports agent workflows and LLM synthesis
- Produces citation-grounded work product drafts
- Logs access and actions for review

### 3.2 What Peninsula Does Not Do by Default

- Replace all core operational systems
- Bypass confidentiality controls
- Auto-publish legal advice without review
- Guarantee perfect output without governance

---

## 4. Core Concepts and Terms

### 4.1 Chart of Knowledge

A governed taxonomy that defines how knowledge is categorized across document type, matter, topic, risk, and workflow context.

### 4.2 Knowledge Card

A record that represents one governed knowledge asset (document, transcript, template, memo, data table).  
Each card stores source metadata, permissions, processing status, quality markers, and retrieval fields.

### 4.3 Use/Hold/Exclude

The first policy decision for any incoming data:

- Use: approved and processable now
- Hold: potentially useful but awaiting policy or quality decisions
- Exclude: not allowed, not useful, or too risky for current scope

### 4.4 Processing Depth

- L0 Catalog: metadata and lineage only
- L1 Parse: text extraction and basic indexing
- L2 Selective OCR: OCR only where text coverage is poor
- L3 Enrichment: advanced extraction, relation mapping, and workflow-level tagging

---

## 5. Data Pool Model

### 5.1 Typical Source Categories

- DMS and matter repositories
- Email archives and matter-linked correspondence
- Shared drives and OneDrive folders
- Meeting transcripts and expert interviews
- Structured system exports (CSV/JSON)
- External authoritative references (laws, regs, case law)

### 5.2 Expected File Types

- PDF, DOCX, XLSX, PPTX, TXT
- MSG, EML, PST extracts
- CSV, JSON
- Audio/video transcript text outputs
- Scanned documents requiring OCR

### 5.3 Data Utility Dimensions

Each asset is evaluated against:

- Legal/workflow relevance
- Citation value
- Reuse potential
- Confidentiality fit
- Processing cost
- Data quality and readability

---

## 6. Taste System (Usefulness Triage) - Initial Setup

This section defines the initial configuration for efficient data processing.

### 6.1 First Principles

For each asset, ask:

1. Should we use this data at all?
2. If yes, how deeply should we process it?
3. How will we verify it improves retrieval and output quality?

### 6.2 Hard Gates (Must Pass)

- Permission gate: source ACLs and scope policy pass
- Policy gate: allowed content class
- Integrity gate: file is readable and traceable
- Duplication gate: not redundant with existing high-quality representation

### 6.3 Usefulness Score (0-100)

Suggested baseline weighting:

- Matter/workflow relevance: 0-30
- Document type priority: 0-20
- Citation value: 0-15
- Uniqueness: 0-15
- Recency or active-matter tie: 0-10
- Processing-cost penalty: 0 to -10

Routing:

- 70-100: full processing path
- 40-69: standard parse path
- 0-39: catalog only or hold

### 6.4 Processing Depth Rules

- Route to L0 if low value or policy-limited
- Route to L1 for native text docs
- Route to L2 only when text extraction quality is low
- Promote to L3 for high-value evergreen assets and workflow-critical templates

### 6.5 OCR Policy (Efficiency-Oriented)

OCR is not default.

Run OCR when:

- Native extraction fails quality checks
- Page-level text coverage is below threshold
- Retrieval tests show missing key sections due to poor extraction

Prefer page-level selective OCR over full-document OCR.

---

## 7. Ingestion and Processing Phases

### Phase 0: Governance Configuration

- Confirm scope boundaries and excluded zones
- Confirm data ownership, retention, and review policy
- Approve taxonomy starter and knowledge-card schema

Output: signed ingestion policy and control matrix

### Phase 1: Discovery and Inventory

- Connect source systems and pull sample manifests
- Measure file counts, sizes, types, and quality signals
- Identify high-value and high-risk clusters

Output: source inventory report and pilot candidate set

### Phase 2: Controlled Landing

- Land approved data in raw zone
- Preserve immutable source copy and hashes
- Capture source lineage and ACL snapshots

Output: controlled raw data lake with traceability

### Phase 3: Normalization and Parsing

- Parse text and extract metadata
- Apply selective OCR policy
- Build canonical document representations

Output: curated content objects with quality markers

### Phase 4: Taxonomy and Knowledge Cards

- Attach chart-of-knowledge tags
- Create or update knowledge cards
- Validate consistency of naming and categories

Output: searchable, governed knowledge-card layer

### Phase 5: Index Build

- Chunk by semantic/legal boundaries
- Build lexical + vector retrieval indexes
- Attach permission filters and citation pointers

Output: retrieval-ready index layer

### Phase 6: Retrieval Validation

- Run benchmark question sets
- Measure recall, precision, citation correctness
- Tune ranking, chunking, and metadata filters

Output: validated retrieval profile

### Phase 7: Agent Workflow Enablement

- Configure workflow prompts and tools
- Define output templates and review gates
- Enable confidence signaling and escalation paths

Output: production workflow pack

### Phase 8: Continuous Improvement

- Monitor usage and quality metrics
- Re-index targeted areas based on misses
- Expand scope only with governance approval

Output: stable, evolving knowledge system

---

## 8. Indexing Strategy and Mechanics

### 8.1 Why Indexing Exists

LLMs reason well but do not natively maintain complete, governed memory of a firm's historical corpus.  
Indexing is the controlled memory map that lets retrieval find evidence quickly and safely.

### 8.2 Recommended Strategy

Use a phased hybrid strategy:

- Baseline indexing of approved high-value historical corpus
- Automatic incremental indexing for new content
- Targeted backfill based on retrieval gaps

This avoids two failure modes:

- Over-processing everything upfront
- Under-indexing by only indexing forward with no historical baseline

### 8.3 Index Components

- Lexical index for exact and near-exact matching
- Vector index for semantic retrieval
- Metadata filters for matter, type, date, confidentiality, jurisdiction
- ACL-aware filtering before retrieval
- Reranking stage for final evidence selection

### 8.4 Chunking Guidance

Chunk on legal/semantic boundaries where possible:

- Sections, headings, clauses, table blocks
- Preserve references to page, section, and source document
- Avoid chunks too large for context windows or too small for meaning

---

## 9. Retrieval and Search-to-Answer Pipeline

### 9.1 Request Flow

1. User/agent issues task
2. Authorization filters enforce access
3. Hybrid retrieval gathers candidate evidence
4. Reranker selects strongest evidence
5. LLM synthesizes response from retrieved evidence
6. Output includes citations and confidence cues
7. Human review gate applies where required

### 9.2 Retrieval Quality Requirements

- Citation coverage on substantive claims
- Source-link integrity
- Minimal irrelevant context
- No access boundary violations

### 9.3 Confidence and Escalation

- High confidence: proceed with standard review
- Medium confidence: additional validation pass
- Low confidence: senior review required

---

## 10. Agents and LLM Roles

### 10.1 Distinct Roles

- Index/retrieval system: evidence location and ranking
- LLM: synthesis, drafting, explanation
- Agents: multi-step workflow execution and coordination

### 10.2 Multi-LLM Policy

When multiple models are enabled:

- Retrieval evidence set remains constant
- Comparative synthesis can be run for quality checks
- Final output must preserve citation integrity and review controls

### 10.3 Human in the Loop

Client-facing legal output is reviewed by qualified humans before release.

---

## 11. Security, Privacy, and Compliance Controls

### 11.1 Data Classes

- Public/Internal
- Confidential matter
- Restricted/admin
- Highly sensitive

### 11.2 Access Model

- Role-based access control
- Matter-level and document-level filters
- Explicit deny lists for restricted zones

### 11.3 Audit and Observability

- Query logging
- Source access logging
- Workflow action logging
- Exception and escalation logging

### 11.4 Encryption and Infrastructure

- Encryption at rest and in transit
- Controlled tenancy and key management practices
- Backup and recovery procedures

---

## 12. Integration, Export, and Portability

### 12.1 Integration Expectations

- Documented API and connector behavior
- Event/webhook pathways where relevant
- Clear mapping from source records to knowledge cards

### 12.2 Export Requirements

- Usable exports (CSV/JSON and linked references)
- Metadata and lineage exportability
- Retrieval/audit logs available for governance review

### 12.3 Exit Readiness

- Practical procedure for data extraction
- Minimal dependency lock where feasible
- Transition package documentation

---

## 13. Operations and Governance

### 13.1 Core Roles

- Executive sponsor
- Knowledge owner
- Platform admin
- Security/compliance reviewer
- Workflow owner

### 13.2 Decision Cadence

- Weekly quality review
- Monthly scope and taxonomy review
- Quarterly risk and portability review

### 13.3 Change Management

- Versioned policy updates
- Controlled rollout by workflow
- Documented rollback procedures

---

## 14. Quality Metrics and Service Targets

Recommended baseline metrics:

- Retrieval precision and recall on benchmark sets
- Citation correctness rate
- Hallucination incident rate
- Access-control violation rate
- Time-to-first-draft by workflow
- Reuse rate of generated outputs

Target values should be set per client profile.

---

## 15. Implementation Playbook (Standard)

### 15.1 30-60-90 Plan

First 30 days:

- Governance and scope lock
- Inventory and pilot ingestion
- Taxonomy starter and knowledge-card setup

Days 31-60:

- Index build and retrieval tuning
- Workflow pilot with review gates
- Baseline metrics and remediation plan

Days 61-90:

- Controlled expansion of scope
- Additional workflows
- Operational handoff and governance rhythm

### 15.2 Phased Modules

Module enablement should be explicitly phased:

- Base platform first
- Advanced modules by validated business value
- Each module includes acceptance criteria and rollback path

---

## 16. Client Profile Template (Reusable)

Use this section as the template for any client:

1. Client goals and constraints  
2. In-scope and out-of-scope data  
3. Confidentiality and access model  
4. Taxonomy profile and knowledge-card schema adjustments  
5. Workflow priorities and success criteria  
6. Indexing profile and OCR rules  
7. Review and escalation policy  
8. Integration and export requirements  
9. Open decisions and owners  
10. Implementation timeline and checkpoints  

---

# Client Implementation Profile: EBLG

Commit message:

Add core Peninsula context and EBLG implementation narrative

peninsula-manual/standard-manual.mdx, after:

---
title: "Standard Manual"
description: "Reusable Peninsula operating manual (core sections)."
---

# Peninsula User Manual

Document type: Product and Operating Manual (Standard + Client Profile)  
Version: v1.0  
Date: February 10, 2026  
Prepared for: Peninsula operators, client leadership, implementation teams  

---

## How to Use This Manual

This manual is designed in two layers so it can be reused for multiple clients:

1. Standard Peninsula Manual (Sections 1-16)  
This is the reusable baseline for any client implementation.

2. Client Implementation Profile - EBLG (Sections 17-25)  
This is the client-specific configuration for Employee Benefits Law Group (EBLG).

This is not a UI feature guide. It is an architecture, policy, and operating specification intended to support governance, engineering implementation, and future diligence review.

---

## 1. Executive Summary

Peninsula is a governed knowledge layer for legal and advisory workflows.  
It is not a replacement for core practice-management systems.

Peninsula delivers value by combining:

- Controlled data ingestion from approved sources
- A structured taxonomy and knowledge-card model
- Indexing and retrieval systems built for citation-backed outputs
- Agent workflows and LLM reasoning with human review controls

This manual focuses on how to operate Peninsula safely, efficiently, and with measurable quality.

### 1.1 Core Platform Definition

Peninsula has three implementation layers:

1. Foundation model and agent runtime (e.g., Claude Code and other model connectors)
2. Peninsula platform layer (knowledge graph, orchestration, integrations, security controls)
3. Client intelligence layer (firm taxonomy, precedents, templates, and workflow patterns)

### 1.2 Base Platform vs Custom Intelligence

Base platform capabilities provide immediate value:

- secure ingestion,
- citation-grounded retrieval,
- agent-assisted drafting and analysis,
- role-based governance controls.

Custom intelligence modules deepen value by encoding firm-specific reasoning, style, and regulatory monitoring patterns.

### 1.3 Why This Matters for EBLG

EBLG's strategic need is not generic AI usage.  
It is preservation and activation of 35 years of institutional expertise in a form that can be inspected, reused, and defended over time.

---

## 2. Strategic Principles

These principles are implementation requirements, not optional guidance.

### 2.1 Openness Over Black Box

Every implementation must support:

- Documented integration paths
- Practical export capability (CSV/JSON and source-linked records)
- Clear extensibility for future tools and models
- A realistic exit and portability path

### 2.2 Non-Negotiables Before Features

Decisions are grounded in:

- Integration readiness
- Migration and export realism
- Security and privacy boundaries
- Reporting and auditability
- Operational maintainability

### 2.3 Knowledge Layer, Not Platform Replacement

Peninsula should sit on top of stable systems-of-record where possible.  
Custom work is focused on high-leverage knowledge workflows, not rebuilding CRM/billing/accounting cores.

### 2.4 Private AI Pattern with Grounded Retrieval

Core pattern:

- Private tenant or firm boundary
- Retrieval over approved internal and authoritative sources
- Source citations in generated outputs
- Mandatory human review gates for client-facing use

### 2.5 Phased Capability Rollout

Base platform is enabled first.  
Custom modules and advanced automation are phased and validated based on measurable outcomes.

---

## 3. Platform Scope and Boundaries

### 3.1 What Peninsula Does

- Ingests approved data from source systems
- Builds searchable and filterable knowledge structures
- Supports agent workflows and LLM synthesis
- Produces citation-grounded work product drafts
- Logs access and actions for review

### 3.2 What Peninsula Does Not Do by Default

- Replace all core operational systems
- Bypass confidentiality controls
- Auto-publish legal advice without review
- Guarantee perfect output without governance

---

## 4. Core Concepts and Terms

### 4.1 Chart of Knowledge

A governed taxonomy that defines how knowledge is categorized across document type, matter, topic, risk, and workflow context.

### 4.2 Knowledge Card

A record that represents one governed knowledge asset (document, transcript, template, memo, data table).  
Each card stores source metadata, permissions, processing status, quality markers, and retrieval fields.

### 4.3 Use/Hold/Exclude

The first policy decision for any incoming data:

- Use: approved and processable now
- Hold: potentially useful but awaiting policy or quality decisions
- Exclude: not allowed, not useful, or too risky for current scope

### 4.4 Processing Depth

- L0 Catalog: metadata and lineage only
- L1 Parse: text extraction and basic indexing
- L2 Selective OCR: OCR only where text coverage is poor
- L3 Enrichment: advanced extraction, relation mapping, and workflow-level tagging

---

## 5. Data Pool Model

### 5.1 Typical Source Categories

- DMS and matter repositories
- Email archives and matter-linked correspondence
- Shared drives and OneDrive folders
- Meeting transcripts and expert interviews
- Structured system exports (CSV/JSON)
- External authoritative references (laws, regs, case law)

### 5.2 Expected File Types

- PDF, DOCX, XLSX, PPTX, TXT
- MSG, EML, PST extracts
- CSV, JSON
- Audio/video transcript text outputs
- Scanned documents requiring OCR

### 5.3 Data Utility Dimensions

Each asset is evaluated against:

- Legal/workflow relevance
- Citation value
- Reuse potential
- Confidentiality fit
- Processing cost
- Data quality and readability

---

## 6. Taste System (Usefulness Triage) - Initial Setup

This section defines the initial configuration for efficient data processing.

### 6.1 First Principles

For each asset, ask:

1. Should we use this data at all?
2. If yes, how deeply should we process it?
3. How will we verify it improves retrieval and output quality?

### 6.2 Hard Gates (Must Pass)

- Permission gate: source ACLs and scope policy pass
- Policy gate: allowed content class
- Integrity gate: file is readable and traceable
- Duplication gate: not redundant with existing high-quality representation

### 6.3 Usefulness Score (0-100)

Suggested baseline weighting:

- Matter/workflow relevance: 0-30
- Document type priority: 0-20
- Citation value: 0-15
- Uniqueness: 0-15
- Recency or active-matter tie: 0-10
- Processing-cost penalty: 0 to -10

Routing:

- 70-100: full processing path
- 40-69: standard parse path
- 0-39: catalog only or hold

### 6.4 Processing Depth Rules

- Route to L0 if low value or policy-limited
- Route to L1 for native text docs
- Route to L2 only when text extraction quality is low
- Promote to L3 for high-value evergreen assets and workflow-critical templates

### 6.5 OCR Policy (Efficiency-Oriented)

OCR is not default.

Run OCR when:

- Native extraction fails quality checks
- Page-level text coverage is below threshold
- Retrieval tests show missing key sections due to poor extraction

Prefer page-level selective OCR over full-document OCR.

---

## 7. Ingestion and Processing Phases

### Phase 0: Governance Configuration

- Confirm scope boundaries and excluded zones
- Confirm data ownership, retention, and review policy
- Approve taxonomy starter and knowledge-card schema

Output: signed ingestion policy and control matrix

### Phase 1: Discovery and Inventory

- Connect source systems and pull sample manifests
- Measure file counts, sizes, types, and quality signals
- Identify high-value and high-risk clusters

Output: source inventory report and pilot candidate set

### Phase 2: Controlled Landing

- Land approved data in raw zone
- Preserve immutable source copy and hashes
- Capture source lineage and ACL snapshots

Output: controlled raw data lake with traceability

### Phase 3: Normalization and Parsing

- Parse text and extract metadata
- Apply selective OCR policy
- Build canonical document representations

Output: curated content objects with quality markers

### Phase 4: Taxonomy and Knowledge Cards

- Attach chart-of-knowledge tags
- Create or update knowledge cards
- Validate consistency of naming and categories

Output: searchable, governed knowledge-card layer

### Phase 5: Index Build

- Chunk by semantic/legal boundaries
- Build lexical + vector retrieval indexes
- Attach permission filters and citation pointers

Output: retrieval-ready index layer

### Phase 6: Retrieval Validation

- Run benchmark question sets
- Measure recall, precision, citation correctness
- Tune ranking, chunking, and metadata filters

Output: validated retrieval profile

### Phase 7: Agent Workflow Enablement

- Configure workflow prompts and tools
- Define output templates and review gates
- Enable confidence signaling and escalation paths

Output: production workflow pack

### Phase 8: Continuous Improvement

- Monitor usage and quality metrics
- Re-index targeted areas based on misses
- Expand scope only with governance approval

Output: stable, evolving knowledge system

---

## 8. Indexing Strategy and Mechanics

### 8.1 Why Indexing Exists

LLMs reason well but do not natively maintain complete, governed memory of a firm's historical corpus.  
Indexing is the controlled memory map that lets retrieval find evidence quickly and safely.

### 8.2 Recommended Strategy

Use a phased hybrid strategy:

- Baseline indexing of approved high-value historical corpus
- Automatic incremental indexing for new content
- Targeted backfill based on retrieval gaps

This avoids two failure modes:

- Over-processing everything upfront
- Under-indexing by only indexing forward with no historical baseline

### 8.3 Index Components

- Lexical index for exact and near-exact matching
- Vector index for semantic retrieval
- Metadata filters for matter, type, date, confidentiality, jurisdiction
- ACL-aware filtering before retrieval
- Reranking stage for final evidence selection

### 8.4 Chunking Guidance

Chunk on legal/semantic boundaries where possible:

- Sections, headings, clauses, table blocks
- Preserve references to page, section, and source document
- Avoid chunks too large for context windows or too small for meaning

---

## 9. Retrieval and Search-to-Answer Pipeline

### 9.1 Request Flow

1. User/agent issues task
2. Authorization filters enforce access
3. Hybrid retrieval gathers candidate evidence
4. Reranker selects strongest evidence
5. LLM synthesizes response from retrieved evidence
6. Output includes citations and confidence cues
7. Human review gate applies where required

### 9.2 Retrieval Quality Requirements

- Citation coverage on substantive claims
- Source-link integrity
- Minimal irrelevant context
- No access boundary violations

### 9.3 Confidence and Escalation

- High confidence: proceed with standard review
- Medium confidence: additional validation pass
- Low confidence: senior review required

---

## 10. Agents and LLM Roles

### 10.1 Distinct Roles

- Index/retrieval system: evidence location and ranking
- LLM: synthesis, drafting, explanation
- Agents: multi-step workflow execution and coordination

### 10.2 Multi-LLM Policy

When multiple models are enabled:

- Retrieval evidence set remains constant
- Comparative synthesis can be run for quality checks
- Final output must preserve citation integrity and review controls

### 10.3 Human in the Loop

Client-facing legal output is reviewed by qualified humans before release.

---

## 11. Security, Privacy, and Compliance Controls

### 11.1 Data Classes

- Public/Internal
- Confidential matter
- Restricted/admin
- Highly sensitive

### 11.2 Access Model

- Role-based access control
- Matter-level and document-level filters
- Explicit deny lists for restricted zones

### 11.3 Audit and Observability

- Query logging
- Source access logging
- Workflow action logging
- Exception and escalation logging

### 11.4 Encryption and Infrastructure

- Encryption at rest and in transit
- Controlled tenancy and key management practices
- Backup and recovery procedures

---

## 12. Integration, Export, and Portability

### 12.1 Integration Expectations

- Documented API and connector behavior
- Event/webhook pathways where relevant
- Clear mapping from source records to knowledge cards

### 12.2 Export Requirements

- Usable exports (CSV/JSON and linked references)
- Metadata and lineage exportability
- Retrieval/audit logs available for governance review

### 12.3 Exit Readiness

- Practical procedure for data extraction
- Minimal dependency lock where feasible
- Transition package documentation

---

## 13. Operations and Governance

### 13.1 Core Roles

- Executive sponsor
- Knowledge owner
- Platform admin
- Security/compliance reviewer
- Workflow owner

### 13.2 Decision Cadence

- Weekly quality review
- Monthly scope and taxonomy review
- Quarterly risk and portability review

### 13.3 Change Management

- Versioned policy updates
- Controlled rollout by workflow
- Documented rollback procedures

---

## 14. Quality Metrics and Service Targets

Recommended baseline metrics:

- Retrieval precision and recall on benchmark sets
- Citation correctness rate
- Hallucination incident rate
- Access-control violation rate
- Time-to-first-draft by workflow
- Reuse rate of generated outputs

Target values should be set per client profile.

---

## 15. Implementation Playbook (Standard)

### 15.1 30-60-90 Plan

First 30 days:

- Governance and scope lock
- Inventory and pilot ingestion
- Taxonomy starter and knowledge-card setup

Days 31-60:

- Index build and retrieval tuning
- Workflow pilot with review gates
- Baseline metrics and remediation plan

Days 61-90:

- Controlled expansion of scope
- Additional workflows
- Operational handoff and governance rhythm

### 15.2 Phased Modules

Module enablement should be explicitly phased:

- Base platform first
- Advanced modules by validated business value
- Each module includes acceptance criteria and rollback path

---

## 16. Client Profile Template (Reusable)

Use this section as the template for any client:

1. Client goals and constraints  
2. In-scope and out-of-scope data  
3. Confidentiality and access model  
4. Taxonomy profile and knowledge-card schema adjustments  
5. Workflow priorities and success criteria  
6. Indexing profile and OCR rules  
7. Review and escalation policy  
8. Integration and export requirements  
9. Open decisions and owners  
10. Implementation timeline and checkpoints  

---

# Client Implementation Profile: EBLG
